'Evil men have no songs.' How is it that the Russians have songs?
A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live.
A am a great friend of public amusements, they keep people from vice.
A bird perched on a branch is never afraid of the branch breaking.  Her trust is in her wings.
A building has integrity just like a man. And just as seldom.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love it is the prerogative of the brave.
A drinker has a hole under his nose that all his money runs into.
A faith is a necessity to a man. Woe to him who believes in nothing.
A fool and his money are soon elected.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
A good indignation brings out all one's powers.
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
A good way I know to find happiness, is to not bore a hole to fit the plug.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
A great man is always willing to be little.
A little learning is a dangerous thing, but we must take that risk because a little is as much as our biggest heads can hold.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite.
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
A man who says that no patriot should attack the war until it is over... is saying no good son should warn his mother of a cliff until she has fallen.
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends.
A mother's arms are more comforting than anyone else's.
A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan.
A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
A poet never takes notes. You never take notes in a love affair.
A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of circumstances having power over you.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.
A toothache, or a violent passion, is not necessarily diminished by our knowledge of its causes, its character, its importance or insignificance.
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.
A vigorous temper is not altogether an evil. Men who are easy as an old shoe are generally of little worth.
A war between Europeans is a civil war.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
According to the law of nature it is only fair that no one should become richer through damages and injuries suffered by another.
Actors are one family over the entire world.
Adultery is the application of democracy to love.
Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves we must die to one life before we can enter another.
All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses.
All human laws are, properly speaking, only declaratory they have no power over the substance of original justice.
All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God.
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.
All the religions of the world, while they may differ in other respects, unitedly proclaim that nothing lives in this world but Truth.
All truth is simple... is that not doubly a lie?
All war is based on deception.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
Alliance - in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Always do right - It will please many people, and amaze the rest.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't go to yours.
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.
America is a model of force and freedom and moderation - with all the coarseness and rudeness of its people.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
An API is like a joke, if you have to explain it it's not that good.
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
An education which does not cultivate the will is an education that depraves the mind.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
And if there were a God, I think it very unlikely that He would have such an uneasy vanity as to be offended by those who doubt His existence.
And let that be a lesson to you all. Nobody beats Vitas Gerulaitis 17 times in a row.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Anyone with a new idea is a crank... until the idea succeeds.
Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
As long as a person has enough, they don't need more.  And I've got more than enough.
As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will, he will be sure to repent.
As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for Socialism is its adherents.
Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
At least the fundamentalists haven't tried to dilute their message. Their faith is exposed for what it is for all to see.
At what point then is the approach of danger to be expected? I answer, if it ever reach us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.
Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree.
Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
Be grateful for luck, but don't depend on it.
Be obscure clearly.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Beauty is all very well at first sight but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?
Beauty is an outward gift, which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.
Because one doesn't like the way things are is no reason to be unjust towards God.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Being is the great explainer.
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
Books are not men and yet they stay alive.
Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence.
Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up.
Brevity is a great charm of eloquence.
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
But suppose God is black? What if we go to Heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?
But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.
But who prays for Satan? Who in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most.
By definition, a government has no conscience. Sometimes it has a policy, but nothing more.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
Call no man happy till he is dead.
Can I see another's woe, and not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, and not seek for kind relief?
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Capitalism has destroyed our belief in any effective power but that of self interest backed by force.
Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Characters do not change. Opinions alter, but characters are only developed.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
Children are the anchors of a mother's life.
Christmas to a child is the first terrible proof that to travel hopefully is better than to arrive.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
Clairvoyant, n.: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that which is invisible to her patron - namely, that he is a blockhead.
Clever and attractive women do not want to vote they are willing to let men govern as long as they govern men.
Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
Complex, statistically improbable things are by their nature more difficult to explain than simple, statistically probable things.
Complexity is your enemy. Any fool can make something complicated. It is hard to make something simple.
Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles.
Confidence in a forecast rises with the amount of information that goes into it. But the accuracy of the forecast stays the same.
Consciousness is our only reprieve from Time.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
Content makes poor men rich; discontent makes rich men poor.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
Cruelty is a tyrant that's always attended with fear.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
Defense is a definite part of the game, and a great part of defense is learning to play it without fouling.
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
Democracy is worth dying for, because it's the most deeply honorable form of government ever devised by man.
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
Difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects perform the office of a Censor - over each other.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Do what makes u feel alive never belive anyone is for u cuz in the end u stand alone
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Dream in a pragmatic way.
Each one of us is an outlet to God and an inlet to God.
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
Economic medicine that was previously meted out by the cupful has recently been dispensed by the barrel. These once unthinkable dosages will almost certainly bring on unwelcome after-effects. Their precise nature is anyone's guess, though one likely consequence is an onslaught of inflation.
Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
Every literary critic believes he will outwit history and have the last word.
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
Expecting something for nothing is the most popular form of hope.
Experience teaches us that we do not always receive the blessings we ask for in prayer.
Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
Facts are many, but the truth is one.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.
Fear clogs faith liberates.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
Flattery is like cologne; water, to be smelt, not swallowed.
For Africa to me... is more than a glamorous fact. It is a historical truth. No man can know where he is going unless he knows exactly where he has been and exactly how he arrived at his present place.
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
For love would be love of the wrong thing there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.
For my part, I consider that it will be found much better by all parties to leave the past to history, especially as I propose to write that history myself.
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.
For though we love both the truth and our friends, piety requires us to honor the truth first.
For what is love itself, for the one we love best? An enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.
Fortune raises up and fortune brings low both the man who fares well and the one who fares badly and there is no prophet of the future for mortal men.
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
Freedom lies in being bold.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Genius always finds itself a century too early.
Genius at first is little more than a great capacity for receiving discipline.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
God gives some more than others because some accept more than others.
God screens us evermore from premature ideas.
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
God's dice always have a lucky roll.
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
God, to me, it seems, is a verb not a noun, proper or improper.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Good design is good business.
Good education is not what fills your head with facts but what stimulates curiosity. You then learn for the rest of your life.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one.
Grammar is a piano I play by ear. All I know about grammar is its power.
Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great countries are those that produce great people.
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
Great is the difference betwixt a man's being frightened at, and humbled for his sins.
Great souls are not those who have fewer passions and more virtues than others, but only those who have greater designs.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
Half a truth is better than no politics.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness: a way station between too little and too much.
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
Hatred is inveterate anger.
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
He only earns his freedom and his life Who takes them every day by storm.
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.
He who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander.
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance one cannot fly into flying.
Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.
Heaven means to be one with God.
Here is the rule to remember in the future, When anything tempts you to be bitter: not, 'This is a misfortune' but 'To bear this worthily is good fortune.'
High moral character is not a precondition for great moral accomplishments.
History will be kind to me; for I intend to write it.
Home is the most popular, and will be the most enduring of all earthly establishments.
Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.
How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being.
How much time he saves who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks.
How pathetically scanty my self-knowledge is compared with, say, my knowledge of my room. There is no such thing as observation of the inner world, as there is of the outer world.
How young can you die of old age?
However glorious an action in itself, it ought not to pass for great if it be not the effect of wisdom and intention.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Human dignity is better served by embracing knowledge.
Humor has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.
I am a child of God, an inheritor of a fragment of the mind that created all worlds.
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.
I am afraid we must make the world honest before we can honestly say to our children that honesty is the best policy.
I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat.
I am not a saint, unless you think of a saint as a sinner who keeps on trying.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.
I call architecture frozen music.
I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other - and we still are.
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.
I do not believe in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.
I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
I don't think the intelligence reports are all that hot. Some days I get more out of the New York Times.
I doubt if you can have a truly wild party without liquor.
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.
I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car.
I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death if I could not have one, I would have the other.
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.
I have a five year-old son and a three year-old daughter. I want my son to have a choice to contribute fully in the workforce or at home. And I want my daughter to have the choice to not just succeed, but to be liked for her accomplishments.
I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.
I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.
I have no hostility to nature, but a child's love to it. I expand and live in the warm day like corn and melons.
I have nothing new to teach the world. Truth and Non-violence are as old as the hills. All I have done is to try experiments in both on as vast a scale as I could.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion.
I know this world is ruled by infinite intelligence. Everything that surrounds us- everything that exists - proves that there are infinite laws behind it. There can be no denying this fact. It is mathematical in its precision.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it.
I look upon death to be as necessary to our constitution as sleep. We shall rise refreshed in the morning.
I met Woz when I was 13, at a friend's garage. He was about 18. He was, like, the first person I met who knew more electronics than I did at that point. We became good friends, because we shared an interest in computer and we had a sense of humor. We pulled all kinds of pranks together.
I never dared to be radical when young for fear it would make me conservative when old.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
I own that I am not a friend to a very energetic government. It is always oppressive.
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window.
I played by the rules of politics as I found them.
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.
I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process.
I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy.
I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific.
I regard golf as an expensive way of playing marbles.
I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its Churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
I should like to know what is the proper function of women, if it is not to make reasons for husbands to stay at home, and still stronger reasons for bachelors to go out.
I should tie myself to no particular system of society other than of socialism.
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
I submit that an individual who breaks the law that conscience tells him is unjust and willingly accepts the penalty by staying in jail to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the very highest respect for law.
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
I want a pit crew... I hate the procedure I currently have to go through when I have car problems.
I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.
I'll confess right here that I secretly wish I'd have drawn a strip about a little boy with a fake tiger, going for adventures throughout the universe in spaceships of his imagination.
I'm always rather nervous about how you talk about women who are active in politics, whether they want to be talked about as women or as politicians.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
I'm not going to say I was opposed to the Vietnam War. I'm going to say I'm opposed to war. But I'm also opposed to protests that deny other people their rights.
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
I've never let my school interfere with my education.
I've tried to reduce profanity but I reduced so much profanity when writing the book that I'm afraid not much could come out. Perhaps we will have to consider it simply as a profane book and hope that the next book will be less profane or perhaps more sacred.
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.
If I am through learning, I am through.
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
If I were dying my last words would be: Have faith and pursue the unknown end.
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
If a person loves only one other person and is indifferent to all others, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job.
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.
If one is master of one thing and understands one thing well, one has at the same time, insight into and understanding of many things.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate.
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn.
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality.
If we don't end war, war will end us.
If we must not act save on a certainty, we ought not to act on religion, for it is not certain. But how many things we do on an uncertainty, sea voyages, battles!
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
If you can be well without health, you may be happy without virtue.
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
If you stand up and be counted, from time to time you may get yourself knocked down. But remember this: A man flattened by an opponent can get up again. A man flattened by conformity stays down for good.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
Imagination is the real and eternal world of which this vegetable universe is but a faint shadow.
Imagination rules the world.
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.
In America, the race goes to the loud, the solemn, the hustler. If you think you're a great writer, you must say that you are.
In bourgeois society capital is independent and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no individuality.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both may be, and one must be wrong.
In known history, nobody has had such capacity for altering the universe than the people of the United States of America. And nobody has gone about it in such an aggressive way.
In matters of truth the fact that you don't want to publish something is, nine times out of ten, a proof that you ought to publish it.
In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. It's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains and the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design.
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.
In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary.
In the long-run every Government is the exact symbol of its People, with their wisdom and unwisdom we have to say, Like People; like Government.
In the old world, you devoted 30% of your time to building a great service and 70% of your time to shouting about it. In the new world, that inverts.
In the vain laughter of folly, wisdom hears half its applause.
In theory there is a possibility of perfect happiness: To believe in the indestructible element within one, and not to strive towards it.
In this country it is a good thing to kill an admiral from time to time to encourage the others.
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
In time of war the laws are silent.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men.
Intelligent life on a planet comes of age when it first works out the reason for its own existence.
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
It does me no harm for my neighbor to believe in many Gods or no God. It neither robs my pocket nor breaks my leg.
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances.
It is a wise tune that knows its own father, and I like my music to be the legitimate offspring of respectable parents.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
It is better to go skiing and think of God, than go to church and think of sport.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.
It is easier to know men in general, than men in particular.
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
It is evident that skepticism, while it makes no actual change in man, always makes him feel better.
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics.
It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
It is impossible to imagine a more complete fusion with nature than that of the Gypsy.
It is neither wealth nor splendor but tranquility and occupation which give you happiness.
It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do, that makes life blessed.
It is not enough to know your craft - you have to have feeling. Science is all very well, but for us imagination is worth far more.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.
It is not well to make great changes in old age.
It is remarkable how closely the history of the apple tree is connected with that of man.
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
It is the merit of a general to impart good news, and to conceal the truth.
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies.
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It's hard to tell with these Internet startups if they're really interested in building companies or if they're just interested in the money. I can tell you, though: If they don't really want to build a company, they won't luck into it. That's because it's so hard that if you don't have a passion, you'll give up.
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
It's not going to do any good to land on Mars if we're stupid.
It's not how much you make, it's how much you keep.
It's not what you know, it's who you know.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
It's so crowded, nobody goes there.
Just as man can't exist without his body, so no rights can exist without the right to translate one's rights into reality, to think, to work and keep the results, which means: the right of property.
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Knowledge is invariably a matter of degree: you cannot put your finger upon even the simplest datum and say this we know.
Knowledge is knowing that we cannot know.
Land: A part of the earth's surface, considered as property. The theory that land is property subject to private ownership and control is the foundation of modern society, and is eminently worthy of the superstructure.
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.
Law represents the effort of man to organize society governments, the efforts of selfishness to overthrow liberty.
Lawsuit: A machine which you go into as a pig and come out of as a sausage.
Learning sleeps and snores in libraries, but wisdom is everywhere, wide awake, on tiptoe.
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
Let us not listen to those who think we ought to be angry with our enemies, and who believe this to be great and manly. Nothing is so praiseworthy, nothing so clearly shows a great and noble soul, as clemency and readiness to forgive.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Life every man holds dear but the dear man holds honor far more precious dear than life.
Life is a great big canvas; throw all the paint you can at it.
Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is like music it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule.
Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Life is what happens to you while you're making other plans.
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
Little minds are interested in the extraordinary; great minds in the commonplace.
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Love has features which pierce all hearts, he wears a bandage which conceals the faults of those beloved. He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same.
Love has no age, no limit and no death.
Love is the answer to everything. It's the only reason to do anything. If you don't write stories you love, you'll never make it. If you don't write stories that other people love, you'll never make it.
Love is trembling happiness.
Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind.
Lovers may be - and indeed generally are - enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations.
Make crime pay. Become a lawyer.
Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow-men.
Man is an idea, and a precious small idea once he turns his back on love.
Man is born passionate of body, but with an innate though secret tendency to the love of Good in his main-spring of Mind. But God help us all! It is at present a sad jar of atoms.
Man is only great when he acts from passion.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
Man's true nature being lost, everything becomes his nature as, his true good being lost, everything becomes his good.
Mankind is not likely to salvage civilization unless he can evolve a system of good and evil which is independent of heaven and hell.
Mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind.
Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.
Many foxes grow gray but few grow good.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
Marriage is the death of hope.
Martyrdom: The only way a man can become famous without ability.
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe.
Maybe the best programmers aren't those who spectacularly solve crazy problems, but those who don't create them, which is much more silent.
Medicine to produce health must examine disease and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.
Men become civilized, not in proportion to their willingness to believe, but in proportion to their readiness to doubt.
Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history.
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Men take only their needs into consideration - never their abilities.
Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Men's vows are women's traitors!
Middle age went by while I was mourning for my lost youth.
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
Mirth is the sweet wine of human life. It should be offered sparkling with zestful life unto God.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
More than an end to war, we want an end to the beginning of all wars - yes, an end to this brutal, inhuman and thoroughly impractical method of settling the differences between governments.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply.
Most people have no concept of how an automatic transmission works, yet they know how to drive a car. You don't have to study physics to understand the laws of motion to drive a car. You don't have to understand any of this stuff to use Macintosh.
Mothers are the necessity of invention.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious wine for mankind and makes them spiritually drunken.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.
My goal is not to fail fast. My goal is to succeed over the long run. They are not the same thing.
My goal is to live until I die.
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
My religion encompasses all religions. I believe in God, I believe in the universe. I believe you are god, I believe I am god; I believe the earth is god and the universe is god. We're all god.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Myths and creeds are heroic struggles to comprehend the truth in the world.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nature has no principles. She makes no distinction between good and evil.
Nature hates calculators.
Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
Never complain and never explain.
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. Government programs, once launched, never disappear. Actually, a government bureau is the nearest thing to eternal life we'll ever see on this earth!
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy.
No one would talk much in society if they knew how often they misunderstood others.
No pleasure has any savor for me without communication.
No sadder proof can be given by a man of his own littleness than disbelief in great men.
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
No, I will be the pattern of all patience I will say nothing.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.
Non-violence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another.
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.
Nor shall derision prove powerful against those who listen to humanity or those who follow in the footsteps of divinity, for they shall live forever. Forever.
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets.
Nothing else in the world... not all the armies... is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear.
Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness.
Nothing works better than just improving your product.
Now the reason the enlightened prince and the wise general conquer the enemy whenever they move and their achievements surpass those of ordinary men is foreknowledge.
Now, God be praised, that to believing souls gives light in darkness, comfort in despair.
O God, O God, how weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world!
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
Of course in science there are things that are open to doubt and things need to be discussed. But among the things that science does know, evolution is about as certain as anything we know.
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
Often we can help each other most by leaving each other alone at other times we need the hand-grasp and the word of cheer.
Oh, I think there are a lot of people who would be buying and selling online today that go up there and they get the information, but then when it comes time to type in their credit card they think twice because they're not sure about how that might get out and what that might mean for them.
Oh, that lovely title, ex-president.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day.
Old hands soil, it seems, whatever they caress, but they too have their beauty when they are joined in prayer. Young hands were made for caresses and the sheathing of love. It is a pity to make them join too soon.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down .
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.
One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude.
One may sometimes tell a lie, but the grimace that accompanies it tells the truth.
One must work and dare if one really wants to live.
One of the best things that ever happened to me is that I'm a woman. That is the way all females should feel.
One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.
One of the greatest casualties of the war in Vietnam is the Great Society... shot down on the battlefield of Vietnam.
One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will make mistakes.
One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead.
Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even.
Only by joy and sorrow does a person know anything about themselves and their destiny. They learn what to do and what to avoid.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Our DNA is as a consumer company - for that individual customer who's voting thumbs up or thumbs down. That's who we think about. And we think that our job is to take responsibility for the complete user experience. And if it's not up to par, it's our fault, plain and simply.
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
Our country is now taking so steady a course as to show by what road it will pass to destruction, to wit: by consolidation of power first, and then corruption, its necessary consequence.
Our goal is to make the best devices in the world, not to be the biggest.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Our single most important challenge is therefore to help establish a social order in which the freedom of the individual will truly mean the freedom of the individual.
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country.
Peace is liberty in tranquillity.
People disparage knowing and the intellectual life, and urge doing. I am content with knowing, if only I could know.
People in their handlings of affairs often fail when they are about to succeed. If one remains as careful at the end as he was at the beginning, there will be no failure.
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
People who are more than casually interested in computers should have at least some idea of what the underlying hardware is like. Otherwise the programs they write will be pretty weird.
People with great gifts are easy to find, but symmetrical and balanced ones never.
People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument.
Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.
Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility.
Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits.
Politics I supposed to be the second-oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
Politics is applesauce.
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn't happen.
Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation.
Prohibit the taking of omens, and do away with superstitious doubts. Then, until death itself comes, no calamity need be feared.
Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.
Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them.
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Recommend virtue to your children; it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.
Religion is just mind control.
Remember that credit is money.
Revenge is barren of itself: it is the dreadful food it feeds on its delight is murder, and its end is despair.
Rhyme, that enslaved queen, that supreme charm of our poetry, that creator of our meter.
Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something.
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.
Sarcasm I now see to be, in general, the language of the devil for which reason I have long since as good as renounced it.
Science does not know its debt to imagination.
Science has explained nothing the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness.
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
Science is nothing but perception.
Science is properly more scrupulous than dogma. Dogma gives a charter to mistake, but the very breath of science is a contest with mistake, and must keep the conscience alive.
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do.
Science may be described as the art of systematic over-simplification.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will.
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
Silence is an ornament for women.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline; simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness postulates strength.
Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work.
Small amounts of philosophy lead to atheism, but larger amounts bring us back to God.
So there's no such thing as work-life balance. There's work, and there's life, and there's no balance.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come.
Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers.
Sound science must be a basis to governing our trade relations around the globe.
Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.
Successful investing is about having people agree with you ... later.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress but I repeat myself.
Sweet is the scene where genial friendship plays the pleasing game of interchanging praise.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Talk to people in their own language. If you do it well, they'll say, 'God, he said exactly what I was thinking.' And when they begin to respect you, they'll follow you to the death.
Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.
That the Jews assumed a right exclusively to the benefits of God will be a lasting witness against them and the same will it be against Christians.
That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.
The No. 1 impediment to women succeeding in the workforce is now in the home.
The United States never lost a war or won a conference.
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
The anger that Uncle Junior has comes from my background. My father was the son of an Italian immigrant, and I've seen the fire of the Italian temperament. It can be explosive sometimes in ways that are both funny and tragic.
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth.
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
The awakening of the people of China to the possibilities under free government is the most significant, if not the most momentous, event of our generation.
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.
The basic problems facing the world today are not susceptible to a military solution.
The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death.
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated.
The confidence in another man's virtue is no light evidence of a man's own, and God willingly favors such a confidence.
The country that is more developed industrially only shows, to the less developed, the image of its own future.
The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age.
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and seal.
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.
The display of grief makes more demands than grief itself. How few men are sad in their own company.
The dog is the god of frolic.
The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic.
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.
The essence of Government is power and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.
The evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones.
The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war.
The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time.
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
The fundamental concept in social science is Power, in the same sense in which Energy is the fundamental concept in physics.
The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It's something you don't see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who's my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
The good is the beautiful.
The good man is the friend of all living things.
The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms.
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
The great city is that which has the greatest man or woman: if it be a few ragged huts, it is still the greatest city in the whole world.
The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.
The highest revelation is that God is in every man.
The history of art is the history of revivals.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous.
The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
The man of sensibility is too busy talking about his feelings to have time for good deeds.
The man who loves other countries as much as his own stands on a level with the man who loves other women as much as he loves his own wife.
The man whose only pleasure in life is making money, weighs less on the moral scale than an angleworm.
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?'
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.
The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry.
The mind is never satisfied with the objects immediately before it, but is always breaking away from the present moment, and losing itself in schemes of future felicity... The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.
The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living.
The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.
The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out... without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, intolerable.
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
The mountains are calling and I must go.
The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.
The old cathedrals are good, but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better.
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
The only defensible war is a war of defense.
The only happiness a brave person ever troubles themselves in asking about, is happiness enough to get their work done.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundred times a day, and of doing good once in a year.
The over-all point is that new technology will not necessarily replace old technology, but it will date it. By definition. Eventually, it will replace it. But it's like people who had black-and-white TVs when color came out. They eventually decided whether or not the new technology was worth the investment.
The people who are doing the work are the moving force behind the Macintosh. My job is to create a space for them, to clear out the rest of the organization and keep it at bay.
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
The power of a book lies in its power to turn a solitary act into a shared vision. As long as we have books, we are not alone.
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were.
The pursuit of science leads only to the insoluble.
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
The religious idea of God cannot do full duty for the metaphysical infinity.
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on.
The rulers of the state are the only persons who ought to have the privilege of lying, either at home or abroad they may be allowed to lie for the good of the state.
The search after the great men is the dream of youth, and the most serious occupation of manhood.
The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
The secret to being a writer is that you have to write. It's not enough to think about writing or to study literature or plan a future life as an author. You really have to lock yourself away, alone, and get to work.
The secret to success is to offend the greatest number of people.
The shock of any trauma, I think changes your life. It's more acute in the beginning and after a little time you settle back to what you were. However it leaves an indelible mark on your psyche.
The skilful employer of men will employ the wise man, the brave man, the covetous man, and the stupid man.
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a great deal longer.
The strongest influences in my life and my work are always whomever I love. Whomever I love and am with most of the time, or whomever I remember most vividly. I think that's true of everyone, don't you?
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.
The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
The thing we fear we bring to pass.
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.
The three great problems of this century the degradation of man in the proletariat, the subjection of women through hunger, the atrophy of the child by darkness.
The time is always right to do what is right.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
The universe is governed by science. But science tells us that we can't solve the equations, directly in the abstract.
The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason.
The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, and to secret proceedings.
The view of Jerusalem is the history of the world it is more, it is the history of earth and of heaven.
The want of logic annoys. Too much logic bores. Life eludes logic, and everything that logic alone constructs remains artificial and forced.
The want of money is the root of all evil.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
The weak in courage is strong in cunning.
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.
The whole object of travel is not to set foot on foreign land it is at last to set foot on one's own country as a foreign land.
The word is the Verb, and the Verb is God.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.
The world knows that America will never start a war. This generation of Americans has had enough of war and hate... we want to build a world of peace where the weak are secure and the strong are just.
The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.
Then stirs the feeling infinite, so felt In solitude, where we are least alone.
There are few ways in which a man can be more innocently employed than in getting money.
There are many people who feel that it is useless and futile to continue talking about peace and non-violence against a government whose only reply is savage attacks on an unarmed and defenceless people.
There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor.
There are more men ennobled by study than by nature.
There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than the chance it provides them afterwards to offer their prescription for alleviating life; their Christianity, for instance.
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
There are times when even the most potent governor must wink at transgression, in order to preserve the laws inviolate for the future.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms.
There is a sort of jealousy which needs very little fire it is hardly a passion, but a blight bred in the cloudy, damp despondency of uneasy egoism.
There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.
There is in general good reason to suppose that in several respects the gods could all benefit from instruction by us human beings. We humans are - more humane.
There is never a traffic jam on the extra mile.
There is no education like adversity.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
There is no success without hardship.
There is no such thing as a good tax.
There is no such thing as part freedom.
There is nothing I fear more than waking up without a program that will help me bring a little happiness to those with no resources, those who are poor, illiterate, and ridden with terminal disease.
There is nothing permanent except change.
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply.
There is nothing which has yet been contrived by man, by which so much happiness is produced as by a good tavern.
There is one rule for the industrialist and that is: Make the best quality of goods possible at the lowest cost possible, paying the highest wages possible.
There is the truth; everything else is a cache.
There may be a great fire in our hearts, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke.
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.
There's as much crookedness as you want to find. There was something Abraham Lincoln said - he'd rather trust and be disappointed than distrust and be miserable all the time. Maybe I trusted too much.
There's nothing wrong with having a tree as a friend.
These are thoughts that we can't think.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Things don't have to change the world to be important.
Think of and look at your work as though it were done by your enemy. If you look at it to admire it, you are lost.
Thirty was so strange for me. I've really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.
This man is freed from servile bands, Of hope to rise, or fear to fall Lord of himself, though not of lands, And leaving nothing, yet hath all.
This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty.
Those Dutchmen had hardly any imagination or fantasy, but their good taste and their scientific knowledge of composition were enormous.
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so.
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.
Those who own much have much to fear.
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace.
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy.
Tie your self worth to something that you will lose, and you'll be left with nothing.
Time alone reveals the just man but you might discern a bad man in a single day.
Time and the hour run through the roughest day.
Time brings all things to pass.
Time discovers truth.
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Time makes more converts than reason.
To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent.
To apologize is to lay the foundation for a future offense.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
To be famous, in fact, one has only to kill one's landlady.
To be free is to have achieved your life.
To be good is noble but to show others how to be good is nobler and no trouble.
To deprive a man of his natural liberty and to deny to him the ordinary amenities of life is worse then starving the body it is starvation of the soul, the dweller in the body.
To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches.
To hold a pen is to be at war.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
To prefer evil to good is not in human nature and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.
To tax and to please, no more than to love and to be wise, is not given to men.
To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.
Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.
Toleration is the best religion.
Tough times never last - tough people do.
Travelers repose and dream among my leaves.
Treat those who are good with goodness, and also treat those who are not good with goodness. Thus goodness is attained. Be honest to those who are honest, and be also honest to those who are not honest. Thus honesty is attained.
True friends stab you in the front.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
True religion is real living living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness.
Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.
Truth is a tendency.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opposers.
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Ultimately, America's answer to the intolerant man is diversity, the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired.
War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent.
War is the statesman's game, the priest's delight, the lawyer's jest, the hired assassin's trade.
War on the other hand is such a terrible thing, that no man, especially a Christian man, has the right to assume the responsibility of starting it.
War will exist until that distant day when the conscientious objector enjoys the same reputation and prestige that the warrior does today.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
We acquire the strength we have overcome.
We all have enough strength to endure the misfortunes of others.
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
We are justified in enforcing good morals, for they belong to all mankind but we are not justified in enforcing good manners, for good manners always mean our own manners.
We begin to see, therefore, the importance of selecting our environment with the greatest of care, because environment is the mental feeding ground out of which the food that goes into our minds is extracted.
We get into the habit of living before acquiring the habit of thinking. In that race which daily hastens us towards death, the body maintains its irreparable lead.
We like security: we like the pope to be infallible in matters of faith, and grave doctors to be so in moral questions so that we can feel reassured.
We make our friends we make our enemies but God makes our next door neighbour.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
We must cultivate our own garden. When man was put in the garden of Eden he was put there so that he should work, which proves that man was not born to rest.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
We must plan for freedom, and not only for security, if for no other reason than that only freedom can make security secure.
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
We read Robert Browning's poetry. Here we needed no guidance from the professor: the poems themselves were enough.
We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills we shall never surrender.
We should not say that one man's hour is worth another man's hour, but rather that one man during an hour is worth just as much as another man during an hour. Time is everything, man is nothing: he is at the most time's carcass.
We should try to create the society we would want if we didn't know in advance who we'd be.
We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations - we're doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm.
We're made of star stuff.
We've demonstrated a strong track record of being very disciplined with the use of our cash. We don't let it burn a hole in our pocket, we don't allow it to motivate us to do stupid acquisitions. And so I think that we'd like to continue to keep our powder dry, because we do feel that there are one or more strategic opportunities in the future.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Wealth flows from energy and ideas.
Well, Bennie, now that we know the thing can fly, all we have to do is improve its range a bit.
Well, if Fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear.
Were it not for imagination a man would be as happy in arms of a chambermaid as of a duchess.
What a good thing Adam had. When he said a good thing he knew nobody had said it before.
What do I care about the purring of one who cannot love, like the cat?
What do I think of Western civilization? I think it would be a very good idea.
What is earnest is not always true on the contrary, error is often more earnest than truth.
What is history? An echo of the past in the future a reflex from the future on the past.
What nature requires is obtainable, and within easy reach. It is for the superfluous we sweat.
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
What's right about America is that although we have a mess of problems, we have great capacity - intellect and resources - to do some thing about them.
Whatever else an American believes or disbelieves about himself, he is absolutely sure he has a sense of humor.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
When God desires to destroy a thing, he entrusts its destruction to the thing itself. Every bad institution of this world ends by suicide.
When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon.
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions.
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
When you play, play hard; when you work, don't play at all.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Where an excess of power prevails, property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.
Where fear is, happiness is not.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
Where is the justice of political power if it executes the murderer and jails the plunderer, and then itself marches upon neighboring lands, killing thousands and pillaging the very hills?
Where love is, there God is also.
Where love rules, there is no will to power and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Whether if soul did not exist time would exist or not, is a question that may fairly be asked for if there cannot be someone to count there cannot be anything that can be counted, so that evidently there cannot be number for number is either what has been, or what can be, counted.
Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.
While there's life, there's hope.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Whoever neglects the arts when he is young has lost the past and is dead to the future.
Why do I not seek some real good; one which I could feel, not one which I could display?
With our technology, with objects, literally three people in a garage can blow away what 200 people at Microsoft can do. Literally can blow it away. Corporate America has a need that is so huge and can save them so much money, or make them so much money, or cost them so much money if they miss it, that they are going to fuel the object revolution.
With the past, I have nothing to do nor with the future. I live now.
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse.
Women lie about their age; men lie about their income.
Work Is the Signal, Email Is the Noise
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter second, telling other people to do so.
Writing a novel is a terrible experience, during which the hair often falls out and the teeth decay.
Writing has nothing to do with communication between person and person, only with communication between different parts of a person's mind.
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-I'm taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
You can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid.
You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
You cannot spend money in luxury without doing good to the poor. Nay, you do more good to them by spending it in luxury, than by giving it for by spending it in luxury, you make them exert industry, whereas by giving it, you keep them idle.
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You need to learn the fine art of detachment, Lieutenant.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
